Target's Ears triple in size, affected target can hear exceptionally well. Loud noises befuddle the target.
Target grows one size category.
Target shrinks one size category.
If Target is holding an item it is dropped
Target's nose triples in size, affected target has an exceptionally good sense of smell, but gains effect sickened when too close to gross scents.
Turn male targets into biological females, and female targets into biological males.
Target turns into a 20 HP Horse via polymorph
Target gains resistance to last damage taken
Roll a d4 (1: left arm, 2: right arm, 3:left leg, 4:right leg) is broken
Target's most spoken language is forgotten.
Target can speak all languages
Target is charmed
Target grows 10 inches
Target gains perfect nightvision, but is blinded in daylight
Target spontaneously combusts gaining rank stacks of fire suffering
Target can teleport 10ft as a swift action per round
Target is stunned until they can make a WIL save of 15
Target becomes pinned until they make a strength save of 12
Target becomes unconsolably sad
Target becomes irate
Gravity effects the target at half strength
Ethereal Voices compliment the target everytime they cast magic
Target craves rocks and can digest them
Target is rendered illiterate.
Should target sweat, they sweat acid dealing 1d4 toxic damage when in contact with their skin
Where the target walks flowers and grass grows no matter the enviroment
A bird falls out of the sky right infront of the target
Target's feet sound like trumpets when they walk
Target is now wearing a ring that grants an exceptional charisma
The target launches a cone of bees(15ft) in the direction they are looking
A giant wasp is summoned next to the target, it is hostile only to the target and immeadiately attacks.
Target dances, consuming their movement action until hit
Target becomes charged with electric current and deals 1d6 lightning damage to targets on touch(channeled through metal melee weapons)
Target has animals flock to them like a certain princess
A tree sprouts next to the target, bearing strange and unusual fruit.
Intense battle music plays in the area around the target from nowhere in particular.
The next meal the target eats will taste extremely spicy
Target is doused in mud and filth.
A 5' portal opens up beaneath the target's feet which teleports them 40' in a 1d6 direction (1:north, 2:east, 3: south, 4: west, 5: up, 6: up)
The ground beneath the target(s) raises 100' into the air like a mesa
Target must pray to a god whether they believe in one or not
Target disgorges 50 silver
Target has a mysterious note in their back pocket
Target has a vision of horrible ruin as a consequence of their actions
Target is transformed into the same species as the nearest creature.
A storm cloud forms over the target's head raining on them and making them succeptible to lightning damage
Target grows fond of their most hated enemy
Target's legs morph into a large lamia-like snake tail.
Target becomes Immune to a random damage type
Target becomes Vulnerable to a random damage type
Target becomes very clumsy (inferior AGI)
Target becomes very stupid (inferior INT)
Target becomes very weak (inferior STR)
Target finds (1: sunflower seeds, 2: Parasol Mushrooms, 3: Iron Shavings, 4: Myrrh, 5: Saffron Seeds, 6: Soap) in their pocket
A blindfold appears on the target, requiring a swift action to untie and remove blindness.
Should target die, their body evaporates, rendering them unrevivable
Target gains the ability to speak with animals
Target is hit by a stray arrow dealing rank d8 piercing damage
Target can't remember why they are here
A holy knight appears claiming to be target's sworn enemy.
A quietly whispering mask appears in the target's inventory.
Target becomes hostile to anyone within 10' of them
Target's hair falls out
The door closest to the target becomes locked.
Target slips and falls prone
Target's armor is now made out of cheese and no longer provides and armor DVs
Target now requires water to breathe instead of air.
Target is hit by a blast of violent energy dealing rank d12 chaotic damage
Target is illuminated by a beam of sunlight, healling rankd6
Target is hit by a blast of violent energy dealing rank d20 chaotic damage
Target is hit by a blast of violent energy dealing rank d10 chaotic damage
Everytime the target casts they take pure magic damage equal to (mana spent) d10
Target hears the scream of a loved one
The GM goes "hoo hoo hoo!" and then tells the players "nothing appears to happen" without revealing the dice roll.
Every time the target takes a reaction they are dealt rank d6 chaotic damage
Target's maximum and current HP are halved
Target's skin takes on a metallic sheen, granting them 2 shield DVs.
Double the effect of the rolled modifier.
Magical Lights appear around the target giving off 5ft of light
Target experiences a sudden infatuation with dragons.
Target's spells are negatively finessed twice in directions determined on casting. This does not make the spell cheaper to cast.
Target's armor and clothes take on a regal and expensive appearance.
Target's teeth turn into steel, granting them a (Rank)d6 melee bite attack.
Target becomes disconcertingly attractive.
Target is humbled, losing an exceptional if they possess one and choosing one to lose if they have multiple.
Target is convinced the moon is falling.
Target is now holding a staff of fireball (Pyromancy - 4), the staff shatters after one use.
The last person/monster the target killed raises from the ground as an undead bent on getting revenge.
Target is dealt rank*2 d12 chaotic damage
Target auto-fails the next check/save they make
Target hears a high pitched buzzing sound no one else can hear
Target is now holding a bomb that will explode in 1 round for rank d20 damage in a 10' radius
If the target has a weapon, that weapon is now reconfigured into a standard iron (1: Versatile Bow, 2: Versatile Sword, 3: Versatile Whip, 4: Heavy Polearm, 5: Precision Knife, 6: Heavy  Crossbow)  
Target sprouts wings and has 30' of flight speed
All damage Target takes will be force damage
Target takes rank*2 d10 stress damage
Target accelerates and takes their next turn at the top of the turn order
Target has to manually breathe now, losing 1 focus slot
Target has a swift breeze blown across their face
Next spell Target cast fineses up once